
Special Requirements
--------------------

1) flashcards should have images and audio: 
    Anki supports pictures and audio and deck editing by student
    see: https://ankiweb.net/shared/info/1217051330
    Use their format
2) A confuser feature - 
    Instructor can create the cards with alternate pronounciation or text, so the english will be the same,
    but the foreign text will have variations.
    LingoLearn uses fixed lists of alternate Kanji
3) Dictionary -
    Can we use an online dictionary?
    Found some free ones for download - http://www.freelang.net/dictionary/japanese.php
    Xenogloss has 2 downloaded.
4) Direct import of anki decks into the system.
5) Cool feature: Add engaging short films in very short video clips (a few seconds of dialogue) as a flashcard and student has to translate the speech in the clip to advance to the next card in order to watch the entire film (gamification)

Core Requirements
-----------------
Student signs up to system, using email address, sets password (do we send email to student?)
student creates a simple profile.

Student logs in,
    Student sees open courses plus closed courses (invited by instructor) keyed by email address
    Study lesson (can use dictionary to see word usage), flips thru flashcard to memorize.
    (Should there be practice quizzes - scored not saved, where students can block one field in the flashcard data)
    (This is where the spaced repetition comes in)
    (In Duolingo and similar apps, user takes an easy quiz to learn the words, user cannot view decks)
    Takes scored quiz (multiple choice),
    Gets score immediately,
    Open fluency doesn't allow student to repeat scored quiz

    Students can create their flash card - not only from list

Instructor signs in (How does instructor create accounts? Admin account does it?)
    Creates a course - name, description, level
                     - Text messages to notify student of changes
    Creates a chapter/lesson for the course - card deck
                     - Text messages to notify student of changes
        Creates cards - (use dictionary?), adds audio, adds picture
                      - uses UTF-8 to input char in target language
                      - on macbook, I can use kotoeri method to input japanese with predictive text,
                      it is a lot better than making someone create csv when creating cards (using openfluency card editor).
        Creates quiz - (use existing card), allowed to alter any part of the card info for confuser
                     - can expand confuser list for language.
                     - Shows english or alternative japanese alphabet (choice)
    Views results - Table of student stats quiz, per lesson and per course
                    Lessons preview (for learning)
                    Shows test taken, date, time it took, score
                    Sends messages to students

Researcher signs in
    View Student stats across multiple courses/lessons
    Can we sort students stats by language/instructor/time/etc to show dynamic stats
        and display a list with simple descriptive statistics.
    Do plots with D3 of student stats ??
    Do stats show that some teachers are more effective?

Environment (if using openfluency)
1) Java 7
2) Grail 2.3.7 -> Grails 3.1.1 - do some experiments, is it a lot of work ?
